[New Entry] JavaScript Strings: `.toString()` (#1029)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/strings/terms/to-string/to-string.md

Title: 'toString()'
Description: 'Returns a string representing the object'
Subject: 'Computer Science'
Tags:
 -  'Functions'
 -  'String'

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'

> The **`.toString()`** convert the given object and returns its corresponding string representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.toString()`** method converts the given object and returns its corresponding string representation.
```

 ## Syntax

 ```js
 .toString()
 ```

> The toString() function in JavaScript does not take any parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.toString()` method in JavaScript does not take any parameters.
```

> toString in javascript can be used with numbers, strings, arrays, and objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be used with numbers, strings, arrays, and objects.
```

## Example

The following example demonstrates the `.toString()` method:

```js

> //Declaring variable with integer value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Declaring variable with integer value
```

const myNum = 3

> //using toSting() method to get its string value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Using toSting() method to get its string value
```

const str = myNum.toString()

console.log("Value of str variable is", str)

> //using typeof function to show string value was returned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Using typeof operator to show string value was returned
```

Title: '.toString()'
Description: 'Returns a string representing the object.'
Subject: 
 - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
 -  'Functions'
 -  'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.toString()`** method converts the given object and returns its corresponding string representation.

## Syntax

```pseudo
stringObject.toString()
```

> The `.toString()` method does not take any parameters.
> **Note:** This method can be called on numbers, arrays, and objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.toString()` method does not take any parameters.

> **Note:** This method can be called on numbers, arrays, and objects.
```

Title: '.toString()'

> Description: 'Returns a string representing the object'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a string representing the object.'
```

Typo here: missing period

Subject: 
 - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
 -  'Functions'
 -  'Strings'
CatalogContent:

>   - 'learn-java'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
```

  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> 

Reviewer 2: Could we remove the empty line 13 or 14 so there is just one empty space between the ending dashes of the metadata and introduction?

> The **`.toString()`** method converts the given object and returns its corresponding string representation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The **`.toString()`** method returns a string representation of a given value or object.
```

The **`.toString()`** method converts the given object and returns its corresponding string representation.

>  ## Syntax
> 
>  ```js
>  .toString()
>  ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Syntax

```pseudo
stringObject.toString()
```
```

Removing the extra spacing in front for these lines

> The `.toString()` method does not take any parameters.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `.toString()` method takes no parameters.
```

> The `.toString()` method in JavaScript does not take any parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.toString()` method does not take any parameters.
```

> It can be used with numbers, strings, arrays, and objects.

Reviewer 2: Can we turn this into a note like:

> **Note:** This method can be called on numbers, arrays, and objects.

> > **Note:** This method can be called on numbers, arrays, and objects.

Reviewer 3: What do we mean here? This entry is specifically about the `String.prototype.toString()` method. There are separate `.toString()` methods for numbers, arrays, and objects in the `Number`, `Array`, and `Objects` classes.

Author: Should I remove this note ?

## Example

The following example demonstrates the `.toString()` method:

```js

> // Declaring variable with integer value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Assigning constant to integer value
```

const myNum = 3

> // Using toSting() method to get its string value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Using .toString() method to get its string value
```
